remove vl-ycrv from live docs while its not deployed (#328)
yearn/yearn-devdocs: docs/getting-started/products/ycrv/overview.md

- [**st-yCRV (Staking Rewards):**](#staked-ycrv) [yVault](https://medium.com/iearn/yearn-finance-explained-what-are-vaults-and-strategies-96970560432) that receives admin fees and bribes from locked CRV.
- [**lp-yCRV (Liquidity Pool Rewards):**](#lpd-ycrvcrv) yVault for CRV/yCRV LP tokens, autocompounds emissions and fees.

> - [**vl-yCRV (Curve Gauges Voting Power):**](#voting-with-ycrv) Vote power mechanism to vote on Curve gauge weights.

Reviewer: maybe worth adding a note here like,
"Note: a third activated token, vl-yCRV, was never rolled out due to lack of demand."

> Users can choose to move between activated-tokens at any time depending on which benefits they want, except for vl-yCRV which has time lock [restrictions](#voting-with-ycrv) varying from 14 to 28 days.

Reviewer: reference here that can be removed.

> > Note: a third activated token, vl-yCRV, was never rolled out due to lack of demand.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: a third activated token, vl-yCRV, was planned but not rolled out due to a lack of demand.
```
